In this exercise, we will integrate the _Business Partner Service_ from SAP S/4HANA Cloud into the _Incidents Management_ application.

## Browse SAP Business Accelerator Hub

SAP publishes service definitions for its major products on SAP Business Accelerator Hub. These service definitions are required to use remote services in CAP. For example, to call a remote service, build projections upon them, and to mesh-up with them.

To download the [Business Partner API (A2X) from SAP S/4HANA Cloud](https://api.sap.com/api/API_BUSINESS_PARTNER/overview), go to section _API Resources_, select _API Specification_, and download the _EDMX_ file.

> You need to log in first.  Use your personal user.  Accept the terms and conditions. If you have issues authenticating, use [this edmx](../API_BUSINESS_PARTNER.edmx)

## Import OData API

Open the download folder containing `API_BUSINESS_PARTNER.edmx` in Windows Explorer (or MacOS Finder etc.).

**Drag and drop** the `API_BUSINESS_PARTNER.edmx` file to the browser window onto the root folder in the file tree of SAP Business Application Studio.  Once you do that, you will see quite some changes in the terminal because of a `cds import` operation that was executed.  If you scroll up in the terminal, you can see it:

```
[cds] - imported API to srv/external/API_BUSINESS_PARTNER.csn
> use it in your CDS models through the like of:

using { API_BUSINESS_PARTNER as external } from './external/API_BUSINESS_PARTNER';

[cds] - updated ./package.json
```

If the drag and drop operation didn't work, no worries: from the root folder of your project, manually run

```sh
cds import API_BUSINESS_PARTNER.edmx
```

> Behind the scenes, the `import` command has copied the `EDMX` file to the `srv/external` folder of your project and converted it to CAP's format [CSN](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/cds/csn).  This file is stored there as well (`srv/external/API_BUSINESS_PARTNER.csn`).  It is this `csn` file that is relevant for CAP, the `edmx` is no longer used.

Additionally, the `API_BUSINESS_PARTNER` service is registered as service definition in _package.json_ like this:

```jsonc
"cds": {
  "requires": {
    ...
    "API_BUSINESS_PARTNER": {
    "kind": "odata-v2",
    "model": "srv/external/API_BUSINESS_PARTNER"
  }
}
```


## Service Adaptation

For the first version of the application, you need only two fields from the `A_BusinessPartner` entity. To do this, you create a [_projection_](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/guides/using-services#model-projections) on the external service. Since in this example, you are interested in business partners in a role as customer, you use the name `Customers` for your projection.

Create a file `srv/external/index.cds` with this content:

```cds
using { API_BUSINESS_PARTNER as S4 } from './API_BUSINESS_PARTNER';

namespace s4.simple;

entity Customers as projection on S4.A_BusinessPartner {
  key BusinessPartner as ID,
  BusinessPartnerFullName as name
}
```

> We store this `s4.simple.Customers` definition in the `external` folder to promote the idea that such a model could come from a third party, a partner or so. 


## Summary

Let's see how you can test the application in the [next exercise](2.-Local-Tests.md).
